+++
author = "None"
title = "Finance and Compliance Coordinator"
organization = "EMILYs LIST"
location = "District of Columbia"
salary = "$61,000"
link = "https://EMILYs List, the nation’s largest resource for women in politics, is searching for a Finance and Compliance Coordinator to join our Finance and Compliance team. The Finance and Compliance Coordinator oversees the accounts receivable processes and works with the CFO on employee expense reporting.  At EMILYs List, you’ll be part of a dynamic team committed to electing Democratic pro-choice women up and down the ballot. Read on for more details about the job and about EMILYs List. Essential Job Functions Process and deposit all in-house contributions while also working with caging company and Development Department to ensure proper processing and attribution in Raiser's Edge; Manage process of returns for donations; Compile employee bill amounts for HR/Payroll on a monthly basis; Manage weekly legal counsel office hours; Hire and manage Executive/Admin Office Intern(s);  Review and track employee expense reporting on a monthly basis; including posting of statements, submission and approvals; Update contribution tracker regularly as contributions are made; Create accounts in Concur for new staff and circulate training video Qualifications Detail oriented and adaptable; Proficiency in Excel; Knowledge of Raiser’s Edge or Concur is a plus but not required; All candidates should possess commitment and passion to elect Democratic pro-choice Women, as well as a commitment to the diversity of our candidates, membership, partners, and staff. The salary for this position is $61,000 and comes with a comprehensive benefits package. The starting pay for this position is equal to others at the same level throughout the organization. If you are selected for an interview, you will be contacted directly. No calls, please.  Our office is based in Washington, DC. This position is based in the DC office with a hybrid schedule requiring at least 3 days per week in office.  About EMILYs List EMILYs List, the nation’s largest resource for women in politics, works to elect Democratic pro-choice women up and down the ballot and across the country with a goal of fighting for our rights and our communities. Our work is centered around a fundamental vision: Run. Win. Change the World. EMILYs List has raised $850 million in service to that vision and has helped Democratic women win competitive elections by recruiting and training candidates, supporting and helping build strong campaigns, researching the issues that impact women and families, running one of the largest independent expenditure operations for Democrats, and turning out women voters to the polls. Since our founding in 1985, we have helped elect the country’s first woman as vice president, 175 women to the House, 26 to the Senate, 20 governors, and over 1,500 women to state and local office. More than 40% of the candidates EMILYs List has helped elect to Congress have been women of color. Visit www.emilyslist.org for more information.  EMILYs List is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values a multicultural, diverse working environment. Applicants of diverse backgrounds are welcomed and encouraged to apply.  EMILYs List prohibits discrimination of employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment based on gender, disability, race, age, national origin, color, creed, sexual orientation, sex (including marital and parental status), gender identity and expression, religion, economic status, ethnic identity, veteran’s status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by the person holding this position.  This is not an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. EMILYs List reserves the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet organizational needs as necessary."
sort_date = "2024-05-28"
created_at = "May 28, 2024"
closing_date = "May 28, 2024"
a_job_type = ["Full Time"]
b_benefits = ["General Benefits","Union-Eligible","Retirement","Paid Leave","Health Insurance","Paid Vacation","Dental","Vision","Sick time","Relocation expenses","Life insurance","health insurance","Short-term disability insurance","Long-term disability insurance","Abortion procedure funding","Adoption and surrogacy benefits","Transit benefits","Trans health","FSA","Professional development"]
c_feedback = ""
aa_degrees_required = "No degree required"
thumbnail = ""
+++
Reports to: Deputy Finance and Compliance Director
Supervisory Responsibilities: Interns
FLSA Status: Exempt
Union Position: Yes